CAM-11732: add section about choosing a Run configuration file (#515)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/camunda-bpm-run.md

## Disable Webapps or REST API
By default Camunda BPM Run launches with the webapps and REST API modules. If you want only one of them enabled, execute the start script with a command-line interface with a `--webapps` or `--rest` property to enable the specific module.

## Choose between default and production configuration
Camunda BPM Run ships with two different configuration files which are both located in the `configuration` folder. 

> * The `default.yml` configuration only contains necessary configuration like the H2 database, a demo user and [CORS](#cross-origin-resource-sharing) for REST calls from a client programm.

Reviewer: Would this work better?
```suggestion
* The `default.yml` configuration only contains necessary configuration like the H2 database, a demo user and [CORS](#cross-origin-resource-sharing) for REST calls from a client application.
```

* The `production.yml` configuration is intended to provide the recommended properties according to the [Security Instructions]({{< ref "/user-guide/security.md" >}}). When using Camunda BPM Run in a production environment, make sure to base your custom configuration on this one and carefully read through the security instructions.

> By default Run launches with the `default.yml` configuration. To enable the `production.yml` configuration, execute the start script wit a cmmand-line interface with the `--production` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Run launches with the `default.yml` configuration. To enable the `production.yml` configuration, execute the start script, through a command-line interface, with the `--production` property.
```
